there was a relative of Naomi's husband
there was a relative of Naomi's husband a man of great wealth of the family of
a man of great wealth of the family of
a man of great wealth of the family of Elimelech
Elimelech
Elimelech his name was Boris so ruth the moabite
his name was Boris so ruth the moabite
his name was Boris so ruth the moabite Isetta Naomi
Isetta Naomi
Isetta Naomi please let me go to the field and glean
please let me go to the field and glean
please let me go to the field and glean heads of grain after him in whose sight
heads of grain after him in whose sight
heads of grain after him in whose sight I may find favor go my daughter then she
I may find favor go my daughter then she
I may find favor go my daughter then she left and went and gleaned in the field
left and went and gleaned in the field
left and went and gleaned in the field after the Reapers and she happened to
after the Reapers and she happened to
after the Reapers and she happened to come to the part of the field belonging
come to the part of the field belonging
come to the part of the field belonging to Boers who was of the family of
to Boers who was of the family of
to Boers who was of the family of Elimelech Marr behold
Elimelech Marr behold
Elimelech Marr behold Boas came from Bethlehem and said to the
Boas came from Bethlehem and said to the
Boas came from Bethlehem and said to the Reapers the Lord be with you
Reapers the Lord be with you
Reapers the Lord be with you the Lord bless you when Boris said to
the Lord bless you when Boris said to
the Lord bless you when Boris said to his servant who was in charge of the
his servant who was in charge of the
his servant who was in charge of the Reapers whose young woman is this it is
Reapers whose young woman is this it is
Reapers whose young woman is this it is the young Moabite woman who came back
the young Moabite woman who came back
the young Moabite woman who came back with Naomi from the country of Moab and
with Naomi from the country of Moab and
with Naomi from the country of Moab and she said please let me glean and gather
she said please let me glean and gather
she said please let me glean and gather after the Reapers among sheaves so she
after the Reapers among sheaves so she
after the Reapers among sheaves so she came and has continued from morning
came and has continued from morning
came and has continued from morning until now though she rested a little in
until now though she rested a little in
until now though she rested a little in the house
the house
the house [Music]
you will listen my daughter will you not
you will listen my daughter will you not do not go to glean in another field nor
do not go to glean in another field nor
do not go to glean in another field nor go from here but stay close by my young
go from here but stay close by my young
go from here but stay close by my young women let your eyes be on the field
women let your eyes be on the field
women let your eyes be on the field which they reap and go after them have I
which they reap and go after them have I
which they reap and go after them have I not commanded the young men not to touch
not commanded the young men not to touch
not commanded the young men not to touch you and when you are thirsty go to the
you and when you are thirsty go to the
you and when you are thirsty go to the vessels and drink from what the young
vessels and drink from what the young
vessels and drink from what the young men have drawn so she fell on her face
men have drawn so she fell on her face
men have drawn so she fell on her face bowed down to the ground
bowed down to the ground
bowed down to the ground why have I found favor in your eyes that
why have I found favor in your eyes that
why have I found favor in your eyes that you should take notice of me since I am
you should take notice of me since I am
you should take notice of me since I am a foreigner it has been fully reported
a foreigner it has been fully reported
a foreigner it has been fully reported to me all that you have done for your
to me all that you have done for your
to me all that you have done for your mother-in-law since the death of your
mother-in-law since the death of your
mother-in-law since the death of your husband and how you have left your
husband and how you have left your
husband and how you have left your father and your mother and the land of
father and your mother and the land of
father and your mother and the land of your birth and have come to a people
your birth and have come to a people
your birth and have come to a people whom you did not know before the Lord
whom you did not know before the Lord
whom you did not know before the Lord repay your work and a full reward be
repay your work and a full reward be
repay your work and a full reward be given you by the Lord God of Israel
given you by the Lord God of Israel
given you by the Lord God of Israel under whose wings you have come for
under whose wings you have come for
under whose wings you have come for refuge
refuge
refuge let me find favor in your sight my lord
let me find favor in your sight my lord
let me find favor in your sight my lord for you have comforted me and have
for you have comforted me and have
for you have comforted me and have spoken kindly to your maidservant though
spoken kindly to your maidservant though
spoken kindly to your maidservant though I am NOT like one of your maid servants
now boa is said to her if mealtime come
now boa is said to her if mealtime come here and eat of the bread and dip your
here and eat of the bread and dip your
here and eat of the bread and dip your piece of bread in the vinegar so she sat
piece of bread in the vinegar so she sat
piece of bread in the vinegar so she sat beside the Reapers and he passed parched
beside the Reapers and he passed parched
beside the Reapers and he passed parched grain to her and she ate and was
grain to her and she ate and was
grain to her and she ate and was satisfied and kept some back and when
satisfied and kept some back and when
satisfied and kept some back and when she rose up to glean Boaz commanded his
she rose up to glean Boaz commanded his
she rose up to glean Boaz commanded his young men let her glean even among the
young men let her glean even among the
young men let her glean even among the sheaves and do not reproach her also let
sheaves and do not reproach her also let
sheaves and do not reproach her also let grain from the bundles fall purposely
grain from the bundles fall purposely
grain from the bundles fall purposely for her leave it that she may glean and
for her leave it that she may glean and
for her leave it that she may glean and do not rebuke her so she gleaned in the
do not rebuke her so she gleaned in the
do not rebuke her so she gleaned in the field until evening and beat out what
field until evening and beat out what
field until evening and beat out what she had gleaned and it was about an
she had gleaned and it was about an
she had gleaned and it was about an ephah of barley
then she took it up and went into the
then she took it up and went into the city and her mother-in-law saw what she
city and her mother-in-law saw what she
city and her mother-in-law saw what she had gleaned so she brought out and gave
had gleaned so she brought out and gave
had gleaned so she brought out and gave to her what she had kept back after she
to her what she had kept back after she
to her what she had kept back after she had been satisfied and her mother-in-law
had been satisfied and her mother-in-law
had been satisfied and her mother-in-law said to her where have you gleaned today
said to her where have you gleaned today
said to her where have you gleaned today and where did you work
and where did you work
and where did you work blessed be the one who took notice of
blessed be the one who took notice of
blessed be the one who took notice of you the man's name with whom I work
you the man's name with whom I work
you the man's name with whom I work today is Boas blessed be he of the Lord
today is Boas blessed be he of the Lord
today is Boas blessed be he of the Lord who has not forsaken his kindness to the
who has not forsaken his kindness to the
who has not forsaken his kindness to the living and the dead this man is a
living and the dead this man is a
living and the dead this man is a relation of ours one of our close
relation of ours one of our close
relation of ours one of our close relatives he also said to me you shall
relatives he also said to me you shall
relatives he also said to me you shall stay close by my young men until they
stay close by my young men until they
stay close by my young men until they have finished all my harvest it is good
have finished all my harvest it is good
have finished all my harvest it is good my daughter that you go out with his
my daughter that you go out with his
my daughter that you go out with his young women and that people do not make
young women and that people do not make
young women and that people do not make you in any other field so she stayed
you in any other field so she stayed
you in any other field so she stayed close by the young women of Boas to
close by the young women of Boas to
close by the young women of Boas to glean until the end of barley harvest
glean until the end of barley harvest
glean until the end of barley harvest and wheat harvest and she dwelt with her
and wheat harvest and she dwelt with her
and wheat harvest and she dwelt with her mother-in-law
mother-in-law
mother-in-law [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you